In the previous lesson,
you learned how to assess the size of your audience in Google Analytics,
and we learned more about who they are.
In this lesson, you will learn how to assess where your visitors
came from in the first place or through which marketing channels you acquired them.
Remember how every potential customer for your product is on
a journey and you want that journey to result in a purchase or an action on your site.
You use different marketing tactics to
influence people in different stages of their journey,
to try to make this happen.
For instance, you use advertising,
promotions content et cetera to attract attention and persuade your potential customer.
As a marketer you will make use of different channels to get your message out.
Examples of marketing channels are: display advertising,
search advertising, search engine optimization,
social network content et cetera.
Now when people show up on your site,
it's helpful to know which digital channels sent them over,
so you understand better,
which one of your marketing channels seems to work best.
So you want to know how people ended up on finding you,
what convinced them to come.
Looking into acquisition reports in Google Analytics helps us to find out.